So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
If the two were separated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldn't hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptable.	0
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
worthless product.	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
Disappointed with battery.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
Not a good bargain.	0
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
I purchased this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Bad Quality.	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
The BT headset was such a disappointment.	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
What a waste.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
very disappointed.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
What a waste of time!	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
doesn't last long.	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Design Flaw?.	0
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Not impressed.	0
Bad Choice.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
We are sending it back.	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
poor quality and service.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Returned 8 hours later.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
Avoid this one if you can.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
Don't buy it.	0
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Sending it back.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
I want my money back.	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Was not happy.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
Worst customer service.	0
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
bad fit, way too big.	0
Waste of money.	0
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Soyo technology sucks.	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
what a disappointment	0
don't waste your money and time.	0
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Low Quality.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Does not fit.	0
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Horrible phone.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Disappointed!.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
I'd like to return it.	0
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
A Disappointment.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
Defective crap.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
REALLY UGLY.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
No real improvement.	0
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
Worst ever.	0
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
That company is a joke.	0
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Piece of trash.	0
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Poor Construction.	0
This is infuriating.	0
Sprint charges for this service.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Poor product.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
Battery is terrible.	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I could not recommend these more.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Truly awful.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
So just beware.	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Poor quality.	0
Not worth it.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Does not fit.	0
disappointing.	0
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
Would not reccommend.	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
It was horrible!.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
$50 Down the drain.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Does Not Work.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
Battery has no life.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Doesn't Work.	0
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
dont buy it.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Used and dirty.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Not good enough for the price.	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Just does not work.	0
Poor Reliability.	0
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Last time buying from you.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Having trouble with volume.	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Bad Reception.	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
How stupid is that?	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0